JUST GO WITH IT
I'm so glad
that you chose this dress.
- You're very beautiful.
- Do not you?
Girls, get married!
I'm married!
- Not without a veil. Where is it?
- I think I let up.
Do not worry.
I'm going to pick me, sister.
- It's incredibly annoying.
- And incredibly ugly.
- Looks like Karl Malden.
- And my sister will be in an hour!
- How do you reconcile that?
- Close your eyes only for Danny.
I do not want to have scarcely tangenюe
his family of clowns.
- Sure you will agree with that?
- Danny never refuse me.
Believe me, I've trained well.
Tell us what happened
Eric last night?
I told him that if he
to stop wedding
to talk now
or be silent forever.
- And what did he say?
- He said that the standby will not settle to his house.
Said to marry Danny.
- Thi and gave a wedding gift?
- Bitch what you're horny!
I think you can tell him and the and a.
- It's the last time, I swear.
- Sure.
Danny's has a nice and careful with me and
and will reach a cardiologist.
So A and marry him...
And with that beam in the middle Fethi.
It's disgusting.
- Close your eyes when on top.
- And when it's underneath.
Cousin, I'm terribly sorry.
What ugly, it hurt. That was me,
Danny Maccabee, 20 years ago.
Ridiculous, right?
Almost finished
I drink to all the bitter,
when something interesting happened.
Honey, you're like a cake.
Hot and sweet.
Mommy, of course trumpet Cantha
that make me grow my "standard of living."
Thi-po fell and eta.
Can I stay below 10 seconds
without someone to give me? Thanks.
Just tell you that thi-po fell and eta.
- I'm sorry, I...
- It's nothing.
I'm sure you have not met his wife Thi
in such a degrading bar.
- In the cafeteria at school.
- Since you are married?
I wanted to tell, really wanted...
But I wanted to know
and the one I'm a loser
to so I modeled a little truth.
- For six years.
- And where is it tonight?
We stopped to ask me more
this question long ago.
Horrible.
I say that too much work
to bring money home for her
and shopping for her dependence
and drugs as well.
- Why you do not exits?
- Children... All 14.
I like and do not want to adopt
Do I stop this.
Sгrгcuюul you.
Want to get out of here?
And I found the standby
power of the ring.
Symbol became a tool of my humility
that I had to return.
You move to me?
With this?
I changed my major,
from cardiology to cosmetic operations.
I escaped to the front and cocoa
and the ring has become the subject of my work.
I assumed that after we were married,
will cease to use the drug.
You need to put the ring
a true heart.
This is a very pleasant time.
Yes. Let's go do it
Hold more?
Okay, let's go... You.
Sometimes I think
to throw it into the ocean,
I know it's not doing well,
but can not.
My preюiosul E!
Plus that this false marriage
is a perfect way
to make sure that nobody
will not break my heart again.
Cindy, I had a wonderful evening!
PS Thank you that you did not beat,
the way it makes my wife.
What are these?
Bags breasts, women and bring them
in chests and flat and they do great.
These are not bags
they asked.
What's this? Looks like the syrup container
the restaurant. E. Do not understand why
What the hell. These do not feel like this.
- Really?
- And I'm trying to learn.
Listen, do not support Dr. Maccabee
someone so rigid breasts.
Please bring good to me
I ordered
and tell him that I discount Omar
for this mess.
Thanks, Simon.
- I came up programming at 16?
- Yes, a camera, Christine Grant, do not laugh.
Well, we had
an aesthetic operation Failed.
Ought to realize
that was a doctor of anything,
- Take office as a deposit.
- I understand, understand.
Do you have any questions?
No. Just beautiful please
ajutaюi to me, Doctor.
Sure. It is usually easier
when you do it for the first time, but...
What is it? Pгreюi you have any doubts.
No, not at all.
I heard that you are the best.
I do not know if the best, but...
I think we will succeed to find a solution.
Relaxaюi sure. Relaxaюi sure.
That means relaxed?
Station to drag down a bit.
Well, jumped back, up.
- Sorry.
- Why?
God!
- It's incredibly high.
- Yes. It is very high.
You must be careful,
will remain caught in the hair.
Maybe we should just leave the standby a.
It seems that you and others оnvesele it.
No, no. But seriously, you are available
the day my child?
- Sorry.
- That was too much.
Come to hug you ez.
For this you need first.
Dear God.
I'll go, Excuse me.
Ding Dong!
- It's Eddie.
- My cousin.
God. Eyebrows crazy.
I kinda liked. What are you doing later?
Sorry. I am in a relationship
with anyone else.
Lord. I do not know with who you are
in a relationship, but certainly not what I got.
- Down there, I understand?
- Ready Eddie.
Yes, it is very good.
I know, I just installed it.
- Thi-you did a penis enlarge?
- Yes.
People really do that?
It's incredible and something.
We see the program, Dr. Maccabee.
Dude, why tell them all
About My Operation?
You want to hide the secret of this?
You know and Katherine knows about it.
- Katherine was there with a magnifying glass.
- And with tweezers.
- Very nice.
- You got to try it?
Yes. I оnюepat some little girl,
I will not lie.
- Really?
- No meat and bones. More puppet i.
- Addon! Hello.
- Danny! Glad you could come.
- What are you doing?
- You brought up some Botox?
I brought botox, but I brought
on my side the cousins, Eddie.
Nice acquainted.
- This is somehow a Halloween party?
- You move to me?
- Thi've worked a little face, I see.
- Just a little. Only conservation.
I just want to maintain IM in the game.
I do not want nothing serious, just someone adventures.
But you have your stops, however i.
May Оюi feel even a little face?
Only in this small area.
From the eyebrows down, absolutely nothing.
- You hear the alarm of cars?
- Laugh, laugh.
I wanted to go to your cousin,
but he refused to operate on me.
- I wanted to mвnuюele and dirty.
- It becomes dangerous. You have to your stops.
See that?
Should not happen.
Adon? Adon!?
Ariel knee was cut to the bone.
- What happened?
- Looks awful.
Lini and you and you up. What do you do?
- Bleeding.
- Could I, I bind myself. Bring me the bag.
- So you fell off the stairs?
- Yes.
And you have prevented something
any skateboard?
- No. Something distracted my attention.
- What?
- A girl.
- Well, a girl.
- It's your mother?
- No!
- Looks good. Basically, it's stepmother.
- No, no.
It will not hurt bad,
not think about pain.
I told you not to your mind.
Think you to your face. Good.
Blonde? Brunette? Ro and how much?
Blonde, tan, tall,
lightning body.
Nipples...
May Amorth want to tell you and something else?
I see that you become passionate about.
No, no, I'm fine.
I'm alive!
I am alive, folks.
Well done, doctor.
That was very nice.
Let me guess.
You're the one that has distracted attention.
- Who?
- That's why he fell, he was distracted attention.
So it's my fault.
Yes. Basically, you push the stairs
You look and because of the well.
- I do not feel guilty, cicгlitorule.
- A and to speak in Gossip Girl now?
And I knew you two you'll meet
eventually.
But beware, Palmer, doctors knew г
aestheticians know very well to handle.
I do not know what to say
with this aesthetic surgery.
- Does not look always false?
- Depends on who does it. I'm pretty good.
Some of my pacienюii are here
tonight. See if I can find.
- Well...
- Someone to look decent.
- It?
- The lady in the "Saw"?
Well, tell me who you run.
I hate that you need to pour,
but you see them on over there?
Funduleю sexy?
When I met him,
was of a piece.
- Really?
- Bottom hung them up to the ankles.
Put the bottom on the toilet immediately.
I know it's bad for me,
but it's too funny, right?
So, you're in North Carolina.
How long you live here in LA?
- I've been here almost a year.
- That many sites audiюii and casting.
- You think you are actress?
- I can guarantee you're actress.
May guess and you, Doctor,
matics at the 6th grade.
In North Carolina schools did
from which to teach?
My parents divorced when I was
8th grade, to exit it really bad.
I'm tired of being
one side and another,
standby So I thought to change something
and I moved to Los Angeles.
You came right place,
divorюeazг nobody here.
I have never exit it with a girl
your age. It's very nice.
- No, already your first lie.
- You're good.
Well. I have not ever exit it with a girl
and your age and understanding to us
Understanding the way it us us now. In fact,
with any girl I had not realized the and the good.
I realize the minds
and when you tell the truth.
- The second thing is true.
- I know.
God, was the most extraordinary
night of my life.
Yes, there could be
something real between us.
Something certainly is, Palmer.
You must get to work,
but how about give me your number
Scotland and a meeting I can
true next time?
I have a business card in your pocket
if you lie down after her.
You better call me. I hope
to me and not to wait by the phone.
Thi has and give it to myself but I
the light to see me naked.
Could you drop me all the chances.
What's this?
A circle?
- A wedding ring? You're married?
- No, not married.
That e. .. Not mine.
Whose wedding
in your pants, Danny?
Listen to me, just...
Give me a minute to explain the situation.
Please nice.
- It will take more than a minute.
- I am the one and the bad!
- No, no, no.
- Do not call me.
There... Palmer!
I told that whole thing with
fake marriage will backfire.
- Why not tell the truth?
- Do you think that I can tell the truth?
- Keep practicing. You'll get it.
- Move to. Wait a little.
Good. There is a standby,
but in any case...
- I'm wearing a wedding ring sometimes false...
- You're a pig.
- Sorry. You're a pig.
- Going to work.
- What happened? You have a strange walk.
- I'm back hurts, I slept on the beach.
When you have to tell you strengthens your column?
Seriously. Flow Max.
You need to do more exercise
once a month.
- I can not. I have no time.
- I have. Do not say that, Danny.
Mother always said that the Carey Grant
exercise was not just climb stairs.
Every day, never take no elevator.
Want to learn how to imitate
Carey Grant's butler?
- Look.
- Let me see.
Hello? No, he died.
Well. Goodbye.
- E Well, it's funny.
- Mom, give me some money.
Hello. What are you doing?
Nice to see you. Be political and
and Dr Maccabee salutaюi it.
Hello, Doctor Danny.
How do you feel today?
Somehow trying to impress me?
What speaks to you?
- Work at some highlights.
- I take theater classes this summer.
I'll be the next Miley Cyrus.
But you, young man?
Thiele you like Hannah Montana?
- No, I like Californication.
- When you look you in Californication?
Rose let us forget the channel
Showtime when she and boyfriend sounds.
Eat the mushroom! And ah!
It appears that you have more per capita.
- Dr Danny?
- Yes.
- I'm going to Hawaii to swim with dolphins?
- Do you go to Hawaii? No.
I saw a documentary on Discovery.
They said that if you pay money
there are dolphins that can swim.
- Well...
- I have no money.
But Mom says you're rich.
- Michael!
- It's nothing.
Perhaps, as you should only tigi money.
To sell lemonade or something like that.
The rich do not offer tours
as lollipops, that's why remain rich.
You understand?
But mom says that charities do
Children almost always.
I do my job
such as to fix a disability.
Do not go to Hawaii.
A and could be arrested for it.
And if the standby and I have been with disabilities?
Did you go to Hawaii?
In this case, and leads you up and let you standby
there because I'd like to watch you.
Okay, forget the money.
I want to get my rest.
And I want to say that you ate
food paid with money knew.
Mom, before we left,
I can go to do a Devlin?
Sure. In the hall. Go with him
Please open in 5 minutes
- And you will not want to sit and no one there.
- Of course I go, mгmicuюг.
Bravo. E following
Winston Churchill, this girl.
He said he wants to do a Devlin.
What does that mean?
It's a friend of mine
Devlin Adams named college.
I'd say he was a friend,
more than my rival.
- So it was a close enemy.
- Yes.
Thi probably would like. It is very false.
Always had to have clothes
most move to, those sexy boys...
- I worried.
- Very much.
- One evening, drinking a glass of wine...
- A glass.
A glass. And i. ..
I'm sick children
at the shower and bathroom.
You have to make poop
or bowel.
So A and I told them that reads:
Make a Devlin.
They liked it and the standby has remained.
To me it was said:
Make black pick.
What to do?!
- I say this... compared with the others.
- Loud? Very good.
What about my love life?
Danny, I'm sorry you were
I would even care if a little
of success for you to sleep with women
and 20-odd years.
Holy Devlin, I do not listen at all.
This is not an adventure,
is something serious between us.
I swear that I see a seated
to my home girl.
You're right, you can not tell you the truth.
- I scored!
- Dear God. Excuse me.
At least someone is doing well.
You know what? You do not want to get involved seriously
because it leads to marriage,
then marriage leads to divorce
then divorce is...
Look at the poor children.
Their father had to take them today.
- Did not come?
- Again.
But even I was inspired
and I divorced him.
Yes, yes.
to wait a little.
I can not believe.
Palmer, Palmer!
- I told that I do not want to see you.
- I just want to tell you explain something.
Hold me explain something to tell you.
I do not meet men оnsuraюi.
And my father deceived the mother.
- I'll be the other woman.
- Husband of adultery! Sinner!
- Take it easy, Damian. Okay?
- Silas calls THEM and not I put into this.
- It's gonna kill you!
- What? Whenever you want.
Listen. Yes, I'm married.
But it's a horrible marriage.
- Do not even talk with me.
- That all men say оnsuraюi.
- If it has and the bad, why not divorce?
- I do.
- Divorce?
- Yes. It's over.
Lord, I do not believe it.
I ruined a marriage!
- I feel that we'll є.
- No. It was not because of you.
I filed divorce
long time ago.
A few days to sign documents
and will be like and dead to me.
- How a name?
- Ms. Maccabee.
I was wondering the name?
First name is Devlin.
- Her name Devlin?
- It's not the name so it's a crap?
But, unfortunately,
Devlin and I are broke.
Because I caught it
elвndu and me in another.
I got a plan. They got it
making a show and head.
I told them not to give television
because... It was too painful.
Even burned and the box can not see.
I would like very much to see.
- It's another man in the middle?
- Yes, it's someone else. Dolph.
- Dolph?
- Dolph Lundgren.
- The guy from Rocky 4?
- No, another Dolph Lundgren.
It seems that if you mentioned it,
very bad guy mad.
The so that may not be mentioned.
Men always say that and
will leave their wives. Never do it.
I'll tell you he's happy with that.
Now I want and I want to be happy.
Only if you are you can be happy.
Okay?
I want to be able to be with you without
to be told adultery or sinner,
or what was said there that kid.
- Okay.
- Okay?
I just want to hear from her and that.
What about the message? It would be fine
would you get if you would send a message?
I want to meet with her.
Let's do it.
- Want to be your wife?
- Yes.
Could not you think you're
the name other than Devlin?
When I asked
I nearly made u200bu200bme Devlin.
- He asked me and I panicked.
- Would you panic?
You who invent a false wife
every Friday night?
Yes. There I told
I feel for this girl?
Have you ever thought that it may
an office to pass on to you?
You'll see that-thi assistant.
It solves. They are a plastic surgeon
There will never look the same.
- What do you mean?
- Pac Pac.
- Just kidding. Оюi put a false mustache.
- God. Do not you think the situation at all.
Would you please to look at you some clothes?
Look and you. I do something like port.
What to buy?
Do you know that and I have clothes.
I do not need shopping.
Here You find the most beautiful clothes.
You look to have a wife
plastic surgeon.
I want to create the illusion that we had
a former wife sexy.
- You're so...
- Not that!
Okay, let's go.
You asked for it. I'm ready.
- Are... Ouch.
- Very nice.
It's been a while since
I have never walked in heels. Sorry.
- Okay.
- God.
Let that get you there.
Lord! I minunaюi.
- How much?
- 1700.
1700 dollars?
I come to you bundled with?
Does it cost my parents' house
1700 dollars. No way.
Have any autograph them? What's up?
I fгcuюi a panda?
- Let the Sheet knew.
- Yes. Do not we need them to anyway.
Began to feel
less hot.
It's hot here? Not sure
that I could come tonight.
Very well played. Well, you know what?
Take them. It's your first Christmas.
Really? Then in May and would like
and a pair of blue.
No sharp heels.
I want to be able to get his arm in the bed.
- I'm exhausted and your money.
- Yes, that's why divorce.
Divorce because you're greedy
authoritarian and selfish.
I think you should contact your
and matching bag.
Yes, I think it should and has to do.
Thanks, Laurie. I agree.
The girls help each other. How nice.
- It's on your side.
- You asked for it.
And you asked that.
No.
Yes... Clearly not!
No, no, no!
What do you mean no?
What?
No hope, right?
There is a certain word for it.
- What?
- Neglect.
Not one to go. You're husband?
- I was the future husband.
- Divorce.
Divorюeazг not you,
divorюeazг the hair guy.
True, Ernesto юanc right.
Your hair is a finished and...
Hold on to enumerate all the ways.
- It's boring, dead, is flat...
- Do not forget smelly.
- It's smelly. No odor, just...
- I think I understand.
You're dangerous. You were wrong.
High five.
Guys, Come on, seriously.
Ernesto Can you get to work?
- Do something.
- I can do...
- As you all know we go home.
- Hurricane Catrina can do something.
I will do something classy. Caccio, Yuri,
Mrs Wiggins, we need you.
- You seem excited, Danny.
- It's strange, but it makes me tense.
I'm sorry you do
to go through this.
I understand why we do
I just want to get through this once
and to go further
to the right.
We will pass soon.
Tonight.
Good God, good.
- That's it?
- I think yes.
It's amazing.
I love shoes to death.
It took about five pairs
maybe give one to tell you.
Henderson, see where is Dr. Maccabee?
Here it is. Hold the engine running,
should not take long.
Hello, plictisitorule.
- Good. You rented limo?
- Dance Theatre only.
Palmer! Hello.
Devlin Maccabee.
Future single-bee.
Waiter! Excuse me.
- Anybody?
- Yes.
- Would you like something to drink, ma'am?
- Good. I'd like a glass of you.
Is it possible?
Just kidding. Or not, if you might be interested.
Again, kidding. I did not.
I do not know, martini, whatever, I always get.
Do not be a virgin martini.
Okay?
So Palmer, I heard
that you had sex with Danny.
- Yes. I'm terribly sorry...
- You please, dear, nothing.
Nice to hear
I still toy that anymore.
Because PE is a serious problem with
Side the Lord and here.
- What is EP?
- Oh, I forgot that you have 15 years.
Premature ejaculation, my dear.
Think about yourself, you play darts,
You need to have good arrows.
In him were more
spaghetti someone mole and knives.
Well. I think not my spaghetti
liked the meatballs that were served.
They were a little stumpy.
We heard from many men that serve
best dumplings in California.
Sure.
Many have said that heaven and ETOR.
They do not have enough to eat.
I wonder-Thi, remember that those with whom
you were, how many pills you take.
I like little pills. I came home
and wondering what's for dinner.
I said that we
pills purple, green,
someone soothing yellow
just baked.
You remember?
I had to do something to entertain me
while he sat on his throne
hours due
movements of the stomach.
I have another illness, very well.
We spent our wedding eve
sitting on the bed and listening
an aquatic symphony
The French horns and drums
coming from our bathroom.
May mix and a cat smell
dead and spicy food
and say that you can libido
extremely reduced.
- I just kicked you?
- No. You were? Why did you hit her?
What? Yes. I do not know. I hit.
We bite of chili leg spasms.
It's a horrible side effect
from all those pills,
but everything is better now
do not use and I apologize.
It's nothing.
E phase with the number 13
of addiction. Back to drink.
Henderson, stop sending messages
and open the door a.
- Why do I say Henderson?
- Enter the dance and silent.
- Palmer was a pleasure to meet you.
- Also.
Take a look at you two.
Park have to be Barbie
and Gepeto old man.
Although it did not work between us,
absolutely not...
- Like it has not happened.
- Just and E.
All I want my Danny
to be happy.
- How nice of you.
- Happy, happy, happy.
- Good night, kid toaico.
- Okay. Hello?
- I think it's her drug dealer.
- What?
Please nice to give me the phone.
You move to the right, sweetie?
You know I do not like you sell
Your brother's stuff on Ebay.
- Get in the car.
- No, no, no. Not problem.
We talk when I get home,
Lord and everything. Well.
You'd think that...
You have children?
You have children together?
We, somehow...
We have someone a little child.
- When were you going to tell me them?
- I do not know, but listen.
I must go, to reach
the plight of the home.
It's a pleasure.
Danny...
No, no, no.
- You're scared, that's the situation now?
- In fact, the opposite.
- The opposite of scary? I mean it's good?
- You know I love children.
I imagine I'm not
to be a lover of children.
I am a huge lover.
Only children think.
That's my label.
Can I write my forehead.
- How do you name?
- Start and name.
The girl is called... Kiki D
and the boy his name Bar...
Short for Bardo.
- I want to know.
- Of course you do.
- So my mother did not know that we've got today?
- Not yet.
- You know that means kidnapping?
- Danger stranger.
- What? No.
- Will come the guy at the show on NBC?
No! We both know
long. E and Rose here...
- It makes it normal.
- God, it has and the strange.
Remember what's up.
You wish you an afternoon prefaceюi
that you are my children?
Why not tell the poor girl the truth?
- You know?
- My mom says it all.
- Bгieюelule the ring.
- What?
God, I met a girl last night
and to exit it as well.
No, no, no gate, and a. Your mother
one presents a very strange way.
Truth is not an option now.
I thought you might like
to receive a role.
- If it's a role, should you pay us.
- Yes. You should be getting paid in experience.
I want payment materials.
- Well, what do you want?
- $ 600 per day.
Extra money if we
8 hours of work.
I make my own hair and makeup
and I want you pay for courses
acting for 6 weeks
the mother and not allow them.
$ 50 per day and two week courses
at the Christian Youth Association.
- $ 500 and 4-week courses.
- 300 and three weeks courses.
He did.
He'd have accepted, and $ 500.
I had and have done a
and only for the experience.
Michael, you follow. Go ahead.
I want to go to Hawaii
to swim with dolphins.
I really do not want to, and to a pool?
Do not go to Hawaii, my friend.
- What else?
- If someone else finds.
You started with threats. Very good
Michael, I came to negotiate.
- What else would you get it more pleasant?
- I want a flying pony.
- And I want one, but it does not exist.
- Then I want a normal.
I want to ask the name of Nelson.
How about a Playstation 3
that to call Nelson?
- I'm listening.
- We will include four games.
5 games, and I want the meeting
to be JD Blondin McFinnigan's.
Trenuleюul Charlie's
because it's on my street.
If you do such a mistake,
I left here.
Well, quiet you and you up.
Take it easy.
And I want unlimited chips in the games.
Even if you do not spend it all
I have them for any eventuality.
Well, I can do that.
We understood, then?
He did.
If it does not cancel everything mвncaюi
That pizza. Seriously.
- Can I speak with an accent?
- Do you hear.
- Sal'tare.
- No.
- My children? You still mad?
- Jokes are you? You answer the phone.
Do not blame...
Mrs. Harrington?
Waiting for your doctor.
I can not believe that we do all this
only to you with anything you choose.
- It's disgusting. You're embarrassing.
- Not trying to get anything.
Already I got the lot.
And yes, I want to continue
Do I choose something with the standby.
Take a seat there, Mrs.
Give if you can lower your blouse.
I smell something.
Thiele Thi not smell?
I smell the perfume.
- Coming from you?
- I... Maybe.
- Do you have a date?
- No meeting. A lunch.
Lunch? Who?
The office manager Dr.
Gervitz, if you must know everything.
- Brian calls THEM.
- The guy with gray beak?
- Terminate. You know what?
- Hey, man, are Brian.
An exit to him after
protest that big?
Dude, you must stabbed
veveriюele this.
Playing bass guitar, right?
Give your bra and bottom.
It is true, plays bass guitar.
And write songs.
What? About how much
its tail head smells?
Ms. Harrington, put your hands
and the hips, please.
Good. One of airbags
have fun and not to the well.
- What happened?
- I hit the door of the car yesterday.
I heard a snap and then,
a plescгialг when you go.
- What? What are you doing?
- It could be children. Or maybe Brian.
- Terminate up with that.
- We supгraюi if...? Station a bit.
Station only to
talk with this guy.
Stops you.
- Hello?
- Yes, fratelo.
- Bryan?
- You can now stretch.
Yes, good.
Certainly.
Sure, sushi is gonna be good.
Well, see you at one in the lobby.
Okay, bye.
- What was that tune?
- It was the tone of my voice.
- Really?
- You're peak.
You're excited about
guy, right?
Harington Madam, this is an ointment
for your nipples, okay?
Well.
It's gonna be an afternoon.
Why make a big riot and the like that?
Because you want to involve me
disfuncюional your children plan,
demenюial and pathetic form
only lies.
When we negotiated with your son, Michael,
have the biggest smile
I saw that I ever had.
When I said I'll
we go to JD's McFinnigan
baby looks like
have won who knows what the trophy. No kidding.
Well, I think that is enough.
Feel that?
- No.
- But it now?
- I'm done.
- By the way, you do that?
- Yes.
We have to take them to the museum
Smithsonian after finishing the operation.
You did a great job.
- Just smile?
- I swear, he did the nice smile.
- And I did it to Maggie to eat.
- Yes?
Yes, he ate three slices
filled pizza.
- I can not do anything to eat.
- I know you can not.
Do not do it for me
Children do it.
Terminate.
Come on you late.
What, you already Thi entered into the role of wife?
Come, let's go.
She's inside.
- What is it?
- What?
What, you think Victoria Beckham?
Why can this dress?
Kidding me?
That's what you bought.
Yes, I know, I just say that y. ..
I left it,
but I think that's a little exaggerated.
Thanks. It is my pleasure
to be here to help you.
The first rule to improvizaюii
accepюi is always to the information.
If someone says
something, say, do not refuse.
I understood, that sounds
Well, it's wise.
In my classes in acting,
when someone says "No" during the scene,
rest of the class shouting "Die!".
There... then do not say no to "No".
Do not scream "Die!".
Who wants to make someone
Heating exercise?
- No, sweetie, are not...
- Ni You What?
Tip of the tongue, teeth, lips.
And I got something for you.
Shut up!
Okay, now to go inside Come on.
You're ready, mafia?
Oh well, yes.
Let's do it.
What the hell is this?
This smells like feet in children
and soiled linen.
Have a happy father's day.
Mommy! And that man has
puюulica put on my face!
What?
Him and put my face on puюulica!
- Danny!
- He says he's come.
- I do not think that counts.
- Okay, I understand.
- We are here, sweetie.
- Good.
Devlin, I am so
than you brought, and children.
I do not think she wanted to bring.
I understand what I mean, they are...
My pride and joy.
So, I'd like to introduce you to...
Kiki D only, and only that
Welcome to the world with 4 kg and a half.
And this here fairy, Bar, which he
was 5.30 kg, so did some damage.
All right.
- Hey, kids.
- Hey, Palmer.
I've heard so much about you.
- You're British?
- So, you are birds
Daddy makes them so happy.
You sent her to boarding...
Last year in Ireland.
So he caught a little accent...
It is, if you know... is like a Madonna.
The so-i.
- It's a pleasure to meet you, Kiki D.
- I'd like to say the same.
You see, before you
to get into Daddy's life,
I was his favorite.
I was his pride.
There was joy among us,
everything was in fairy tales.
And now what do I have?
Now we have to come every
JD week's Mcfinnigan
with him and with his bitch.
- Koko! Kiki!
- Kiki!
- God is so afflicted.
- No, because the plug from the studs.
The ones who took them
on her mother's office.
- Jokes...
- Okay, I'll go and see what it does.
You how you feel, baby?
I'll be better when
I receive playing chips.
He is American.
Wait a little.
What was that?
It was a non-story,
done on time.
- And I think it very well exit.
- Yes? I do not.
So if you want to tell you receiving your money
and acting courses
It should not you're worse.
From now on,
ready with stories and now you suck
British accent remained, юicnito.
So, get involved and do not enter
breakdown of ideas, you understood?
- I understand.
- Now displays hug me
- And let's laugh and theater we continue that.
- Okay.
- You're not bitch, Palmer.
- All right.
That's so cute.
See what they did?
They fight and now were
peace and all is well.
I think I rвdeюi me.
I have a hamburger for the Bar.
A water for the Bar.
- Here, kid.
- As you see.
- Nice.
- And two and trudele
for Kiki and ireata, a little bit strange.
How is the water? You're not raw juice
lupюi you with diabetes, You remember?
Kiki D, Thi've got two and trudele,
because it is your favorite food,
So you must eat.
A and A-I, and I'm gonna eat it
until the last pieces.
Well, you see.
- Taste.
- Thanks.
- I do not think we have made and erveюele.
- A so-i.
Well, I am going to bring station and erveюelele,
because I know that she does not bring them,
because they do not like to
get up and do something.
How nice.
Everyone remain calm.
So Bar, your dad told me
that you like to go to the bathroom.
When I cut, I let go.
- How is he?
- I do not know.
This one is our Bar.
He is a man of a piece.
Maybe I'm a little upset.
You're mad because me and
meet your father?
No, you seem to make him daddy
happy and that's good.
- But...
- What?
Nothing.
I do not want you feel uncomfortable,
can you tell me anything.
I do not like that and broke
I promise you made to me.
- What promise?
- Yes, and even to that promise?
Last year I promised to
take me to Hawaii to swim with dolphins.
They have a lagoon where dolphins
and people can swim with them.
What are you doing?
But without warning me,
My father canceled vacations.
- Why would they do that?
- He met you.
- What did he do?
- No!
- Die!
- No, no, no, no, no, no.
I want to say no...
You have understood well what I said.
I said that we should
go to Hawaii earlier.
Because of all we'd like
to spend some time together there.
We will go to Hawaii.
I can not believe I left a
6 years your kid to me and blackmail.
I saw that I had a chance
and we took advantage of it.
You're angry with yourself, for
that we've put ourselves in the matter.
- Yes, I have not stuck.
- Yes.
I believe the Lord and time
"Mary Poppins" said
You can not deny, can not
refuse, Governor.
Well, listen to me, my tolerance
for these insults is up here.
When you get here, take my children
Forget thee, and I'm going home.
I'm so glad
that do this, Danny.
You kidding? 'll Go to Hawaii
a swim with dolphins
gonna be fun,
it's just what the kid said.
You bought Seventeen magazine
for them or for you?
It is for me.
It's my favorite.
Did you hear that?
Have you ever read and review it?
It's obvious that you have not read it.
I hope that will happen and we
some time alone, no, sweetie?
Devlin, Devlin.
I arrived.
Devlin, Danny.
Good and Thiele, dear.
I could not help me
take thought of you.
He is? I have it in my face
the most generous man.
- Okay, I'm confused now.
- Sorry.
I was not presented. We talked on the phone.
I'm Dolph Lundgren.
- Devlin's boyfriend, her monkey love.
- Kill me now.
Devlin said that the
I had to stay at work.
That said?
Not really.
You should not stay at work.
- I will work when I want.
- That's so cool.
Cause you're all the atвюi
legaюi among yourselves. You know, I would have liked
may have been, and my parents too.
But they divorced.
Yes, and what I thought it would
and he should come, he is...
Yes, I am glad.
It is important that children
see us united.
Also, I can not stand
on my cake.
And she loves and niюelul,
and you know what I mean.
You know what? Language seems a little dry.
Come to tell you you bring some water.
It's a great language, a great language.
Come here, get here.
- What are you doing here?
- I do not know, save the day, we help?
Who are you talking about?
What you looking?
- I can not see anything г knew.
- Look what one can do.
'll Tell them that you ate
something broke for breakfast
- And that you feel bad and I had to leave.
- Katherine, I can not go.
- Okay?
- Why?
Because I sent a picture of
my dick my new friend.
- You're disgusting.
- And I forget that she's engaged
a fighter and that fight-n.
If I return, I'll give one to me in front.
- And I want to give you one in front.
- Guys, how it works?
We are on a roll. Now we need
Only someone money to get a ticket.
So live.
And I have to pay?
Yes, Dolph hath no lion.
Well.
Let me find the card.
Yes, forget it.
That's because you
slept with my wife, buddy.
- Poftiюi.
- Thanks.
I had no time to do any rezervaюie.
But I need to get two rooms.
Of course. Unfortunately, we have
is left only luxury hotel.
Mгiculiюг.
Those with a single camera
to $ 8,000 per night
and presidential suites
to 12,000 per night.
$ 12,000 per night?
A Rolling Stones to come
and I'm gonna sing in my room?
What are you talking about hell?
Why cost so much?
It made the panda? We used this
and elsewhere, but my answer.
No, but you told someone
great suggestions and I'm gonna write them down.
You're a member of the program
Raffle's hotel?
No, I'm not.
- What a shame, you should register.
- Yes.
I entered. I mean, I took rooms.
- Who wants to go on the beach?
- I!
- Who wants to drink?
And I to create a family and
and the false for the bunгciune.
Lord!
You know what, you're disgusting.
Mommy, please, and you must go.
Water is wonderful.
No, sweetie.
Even I can not swim now.
What is this, my cookie?
Do not be intimidated by...
- The forms that have, are perfect.
- It's beautiful.
Me and, like
it might be intimidated.
I hope that when I reach
to show her age and I so well.
- No?
- But can you You look like her.
Only if you do not use elevators,
but the stairs, do you?
Going up the stairs...
- Why are we stopped here?
- What happened?
- I can not look at engagement rings?
- Engagement rings?
- Yes, I've just heard.
- Look all you want,
but both know that you'll
Are you bored of this bunгciunea
I'm gonna go back and back to
agatha next week.
I did not.
It is nice girl?
- Yes, it is very nice.
- Behave?
It's the best person
I met her.
- You see what has lips?
- I think are the best lips
I saw it.
They are like a bicycle room
and i just want them to and settlements.
You know what I mean? I just want...
- And want to give you one?
- No, you should say that
- To sit on her lips.
- Finally.
You know, all this
I remembered a song.
Danny is a great plastic surgeon.
Who has not had time
and ever to seek a wife.
And everything is played with his friends,
belonging to the navy.
Piano Man?
For the Piano Man?
Piano was Dan. It is based on the life
your just that I've changed a little.
And Eddie ordinary rod to be just as red.
And to have freckles on his face.
The so broke that he was cleansed and
But still domniюele
He throws the corn.
Only once the corn was given me.
Five times.
We are here to
We know each other better.
- A so-i.
- Dolph, to start with you.
- So you do what you do?
- Well, Palmer, I take care of the shepherd.
Sorry.
Do not understand what you mean.
I am a shepherd of sheep.
You know, people do not buy
sheep from the locals.
- Do you? Stop buying?
- No, not buy.
Now enter the net.
Yes, go to a web page,
My website
"Http:/am-oi-drгguюe. Com
Let this, please.
Thanks.
People come and see a different range
and sheep can take on them.
You know, something like
"There's an on-that 's very stylish."
You know, I'm better.
Or "No, I want that,
that does not eat much. "
Always will the most fragile.
- And what people do with these sheep?
- Anything they want.
The sky is the limit. Some people use
as pets.
Some people just take for
to make a living house.
But many people they entail
to fight among themselves
fight club in sheep.
- In the club fighting for the sheep?
- Yes, many sheep gather and fight.
And only hear the bawl.
And then are removed.
And to us and we met and November 2.
He bought a sheep for me.
- Really? Why?
- Kids, put your hands to your ears.
Yes? Because I'll tell you some
vulgar talk. Talk to adults.
She likes to shear his sheep
to make a
pгtuю their fur for sex, yes.
It has many positions in November, you know?
We do this position, 69.
- Danny, can you come with me, please?
- Yes, yes, of course.
We will go now.
You can sure you play that game
I played on and the plane
"Nobody talks" And, start now.
- Sorry, but we left, I can not do.
- Do not...
It's gonna kill that guy.
Cam on where one stands
your hand now? Around where?
- Where is my hand?
- How high is it?
- Want to see where he is?
- Yes, yes.
- Nothing is no longer here.
- Well, let her down.
How about if you beat? And you can beat him
with me. It's gonna be fun.
I do not want.
I want to go.
- Do not Forget me now.
- Do not do that to my face.
- I can not stand this front.
- Katherine?
- Katherine Murphy?
- God.
Devlin Adams.
- That Devlin, one that I got it...
- I took who I see now.
It's my best friend
good college, Devlin.
We're both here
in this resort.
- I did not know that and you live in such places.
- Look at that start.
Sweetie! Honey,
wants to make acquainted with someone.
It is one of the best
friends of mine from my fellowship.
Katherine, he is her husband
I, Ian Maxton Jones.
- Nice to meet you.
- Maybe you know him.
- He... he invented iPod.
- Well, of course that he invented.
- IPod.
- The idea came to me when I was in the shower.
A shower that makes it
together with Devlin.
Well, that is...
So this is chalet
that you have got it, right?
Because my skin is still white.
It wants to burn the sun.
Well... is required even at night?
Well, Hawaii is not never know what
may head sun beats strong.
You mean... such
be burning rays of the moon?
You look fantastic.
You look great.
I'm so glad
would you get you fixed the problem teeth.
It's much better to and a.
You're the same glorious Devlin
I knew that.
Lord, I came across
Sandra Warnick last month.
Poor her, already
divorced and has one child.
It's a single mom.
It's a disaster.
I'm so sorry for her.
You're married?
Yes! I am pleased to vi-I
presents Danny...
Dannielle Leroy Maccabee
III. My husband.
- Why did you say that?
- If you want to remain, do so.
- Okay.
- Come here.
- Get acquainted with Devlin and January.
- Good, good.
- He is Dannielle.
Ipod, what's up?
I'm fine.
- He invented it.
- It's a pleasure.
I've heard. Devlin.
- It is Devlin.
- I think we talked
you with my wife in the bathroom
once or twice.
- A so-i.
- Twice.
Yes, once we talked twice.
- Cartridges, take me days, you and what do you do?
- I'm an inventor, like Thiele,
I invented the hand that barks.
I got scared.
I burned a little sun?
Oh no you... There you... You're a surgeon.
E surgeon, is plastic surgeon.
And it is one of the best.
According to the magazine in Los Angeles Magazine.
- You joined up with this guy.
- Yes... Well, yes, I entered it.
We must go,
us was nice to see you.
Well. We must
go back to the children, so...
- Do you have children?
- Yes, even two children.
Hardly expect to create new vieюuitori.
By the way, I created the children knew the shower.
- Do not you?
- Yes.
I understand what I say, housewives?
- That was funny.
- It means that you have some time together.
How could it leave the
this girl, look at it.
Is still the flag pole,
if I understand what he wants to say.
Knock, knock.
And I'm on a roll, you should say.
Finally, you hit.
Why did you leave me to wait so long?
- What silly.
- All right.
We should meet all four
sometime and have dinner together.
- Yes, yes, yes, yes.
- Says it's a dream of mine.
If we can do some
and we we give out of bed.
- She knows what she says.
- Katherine Murphy, look at yourself.
No more are Murphy.
Are Leroy Maccaby.
- A so-i.
- A III.
Finally... I was pleased to see you.
And to know you, Ian.
And me. I liked
hesitation that you did.
- Bye.
- Bye. And I thank оюi.
Who do I talk now?
It's nice.
- I'll kill you.
- No, seriously now, you need me.
I like that you need me.
How do you feel?
I feel like a door of cars
has just been slammed in my heart.
- Stay niюel, listen.
- What?
You know how I feel now?
You've upset me so much that you
This one mincino shoved in the circle and,
that my hand is just there.
My hand is just there.
- You know what? I hate you now.
- I know you hate me.
Should I write a bunch of bileюele,
just to keep in mind these lies.
And you make me me to copy.
And another thing.
Lord!
God, why leave the hotel just now?
Why did you wake up from sleep?
For that, Grandpa, we enrolled
all for all the adventure tour.
We will go through the forest, we are going
We canoe on the river and swim under the waterfall.
Swimming...
That'll be great.
- It's thunder here!
- Yes, yes, yes.
Do not live here
that white people and three of Avatar?
Yes, white and tri Avatars
and that black pig.
- Good.
- What is nice. Looks like Dave.
- Holy shit!
- Plecaюi, plecaюi!
I'm eating!
Pigs eat my body!
- Hold eye Thi river, baby.
- Yes, I look at the canoe.
What do you there? That bridge can
only keeps one person at a time.
What did he say?
What did you say?
Dublin Damn!
Let's go.
Carried in the back is a magical moment.
Yes, thanks, but me and coco eZiText.
That fell short of my back.
I like to spend my time with you.
God.
- Take a look at this.
- God.
- It's magnificent.
- It's incredible.
I do not know what you gonna do,
but I'll I'm going to cool.
Really? Might
black pigs to be there.
- I agree with him.
- Take a look at this.
Wonderful.
Most of the hotel and I know you
Cushion made this, sweetie?
He really sits well
bath in this suit.
- Yes.
- You know what would have sat well?
Aюг tooth and two coconuts.
- I think not.
- It's disgusting.
- Splendid. I liked the jump.
- How is it?
Hooray!
Maggie, want to jump into the water and while you
go in for her to say "I love my father?"
Well.
Do it, do it for me.
Do it for Dad.
- "I love my father."
- Daddy is my favorite adult.
- Park it's about done for this.
- And I love you like a cake.
Well, boy, you follow.
Say something from you.
And you must remember?
What happened? What speaks to you?
- The water is too deep.
- The water is too deep for what?
- I do not know how to swim.
- I do not know how to swim?
And I want to оnoюi a dolphin?
That makes more sense.
- I never thought of that.
- I do not wonder that you have not thought of.
But you're going to
and spend all your money, do you?
Sorry.
Kid stopped. Well.
- Did not anyone learned the оnoюi?
- My dad needs to do, but...
- Does the job.
- Yes, the job is hell.
Join and you have to.
Would you get a sensation that gives the water is magical.
I and someone I
magic... in the bottom.
- The high five when...
- The area below.
- No, no and yes to the something.
- Stops you.
I think mommy and to explore the magic water,
Can you stay here with daddy fake?
- Sure.
- Really?
- Yes.
- You'll undress you and you? What are you doing?
- What?
- You have a bathing suit on underneath?
- You're peak.
- 1920. Swim and you then, dear?
No forms.
Thi not give clothes off.
www. subtitles-November. ro
Add me on Facebook: Floryn Gabriel.
- Yes...
- You need to be alone.
Well.
Lord, you must
use the stairs more.
Do not let minds. Face hall
more often than going to the toilet.
I think wearing my underwear.
- What is?
- Vere, оюi guarantee that one can fall.
Are almost at the top.
Thank you, Lord.
I want to climb mountains Palmilla.
How about you get rid of children knew?
No, they have looked after last night.
Now it's our turn.
Do not the needs
not have to do with exchange?
No, no... I had children today.
That was somehow my side.
She receives at night,
and the making of us.
Devlin, Dolf, you want to new surveillance
children, to you and you alone a little while?
- Yes, certainly.
- I do not think...
You have had your time
now it's our turn.
So... one to supervise children.
Do you want to you look on the balcony?
I think we saw some dolphins up there.
- Dolphins, yes, knew his likes г.
- Good.
- Sorry. Take your.
- Give them go. Yes, take a look at the dolphins.
- We love children.
- Just why we're here, dolphins...
- Wine and I immediately.
- Listen, if something happens.
- And you need something, anything...
- Yes?
- You know I need to call.
- I'm good at it, оюi around.
I sat and Eddie when I was young.
- Eddie is the plug from your fault?
- No, no, no.
But I want to enjoy tonight.
It's as if you had a free evening.
You can do anything you wish.
Can you to tell you someone knit socks.
Or you and people ochezi
lightning with your body.
I do not know what you talking.
You'll stay in my room
and I'll worry about you
and about themselves and about everything.
Why not spend the evening platonic Thi
Eddie? Take dinner together.
Or not enough
good for you?
- Thiele оюi have one waiting.
- That you really bothered you.
- That I had lunch with the guy.
- What do you mean? You had lunch with him?
- I told that one to eat lunch with him.
- I thought this would you get asked and you
would deny it, but apparently not
could not cope with his charm.
- What... not even understand what this is.
- Is a man, girl.
- But not me and that beard.
- Yes, girl, when the wind blows.
Okay, let's say would you get this way,
the guy managed to take lunch with a woman
without having to
invent a false life.
- That I have offended.
- That was not nice, but true.
And I only say the truth.
- Please be careful with my children.
- Everything's gonna be okay.
Roma Park Service serve corridor.
- Okay.
- I'm so ameюitг well.
Bye.
Finally we are alone.
- Let's play a game.
- Yes.
- We are very good at games.
- Yes, well.
If you could be a person in
Besides you, who would you be?
Rachael Ray, because I always
I wanted to learn to cook.
- Really?
- It's an expensive.
You know what, I really do not want to be and
else, I am happy of who I am.
I choose me or
Captain Kirk, whichever is better.
See, that's a good one.
But you, Bar?
- Mr. Di Cesare.
- Post and our?
- Why?
- He seems to know what he wants from life.
Become deep.
Okay, continue.
Well.
"Names you something that makes you sad."
That actress, Judi Dench,
because it has not ever won the Oscar
for best actress.
It's a tragedy.
And then broke up the band NSYNC.
- Yes, yes, that was hard for everyone.
- Who is NSYNC band?
Sorrow.
Bar, you follow.
- I do not want to tell my sadness.
- Okay.
Where to go on.
Honey, come on
We can say anything.
Yes, tell us. It seems that little has
and starts to cry, but it's good.
- My father has no time for me.
- Okay, okay.
Everything is fine, we're fine,
everything will be fine.
Come ready.
We do not need him in our lives.
No, no, no, no.
He is...
It's okay.
Everything will be fine.
This has nothing to do...
That's a long time ago.
Everything will be fine.
What are you doing? I have been very
help with earlier stage.
"My father has no time for me"
- Sorry.
- I know you're sorry.
I know you skip a period longer
difficult with your family
and this is painful
but you must and I abюineюi
ajungeюi up back on the mainland.
I mean, you're the ones who have wanted
Come here to to to оnotaюi with dolphins
or just to sit with the dolphins
because you do not know оnoюi.
- You can do the professionals know?
- Yes, sir.
For another two days, until you kill
in a boarding school
- Or in a train crash?
- I thought it was a car accident.
I do not know, either that, or explosion
Scientific laboratory or something.
You'll both be dead soon
This is good news, right?
So, you can will
concentration still two days?
- Yes.
- Good.
Now I give to hug someone hire-purchase
rвdeюi false and heartily.
As if we had the
happy family on the planet.
- Is it possible?
- Okay.
Laugh. A and a, and a.
And laugh and laugh.
We love the children's father.
Hi, sweetie, what's up?
- What happened?
- Kids, I just finished
on the phone with your mother and
I'll have enough time
to spend with your dad tomorrow.
For two of us that we are going to the spa.
Great, great.
Children, I'll be...
Come and I'll be right, right?
I love you.
- Ready. Good night.
- He lost.
Okay, I came.
Everyone below.
- What to do?
- Palmer and forgotten
camera photographed
camera, so...
I'll make a surprise when
will return to the salon spa.
- Just like you stole camera camera?
- No, no, no.
Some pictures with us showing you
well as fun.
As I turn to that
we had fun together.
Well... I forgot to draw water from
loo, when I left the hotel.
- So you have two surprises.
- Okay.
No one should work
sea u200bu200bas much as you do.
Gotta go
do an inspection to tell you something.
Forget your clubs.
- Thanks.
- Come to look toward the camera.
And we pretend that we have fun.
And we are one family.
And we love it.
Okay, now that you enjoy
you put a ball in the hole, right?
Move your little stick, the ball went
and you are happy with this and i. ..
Maggie, you hit the ball, but have given to
too much power and have fallen back.
Okay? But, look at it, you laugh,
but I'm a worried father, so...
I'm like, "God.".
Okay, now... let's laugh.
Because I'm a fun father.
And you and I iubiюi
do you think are funny and i. ..
Why always laugh?
Is something wrong with us?
No, no, no, you are amused by what
and I say that. We start again...
We can not do this and to
do something really fun?
No, we'll have fun, buddy. We
here we pretend to have fun.
That's... only .. come on
Look at the camera.
Do not worry, neither the father
Our really not fun.
Well, how about this.
I learned to оnoюi, right?
Before returning
your mom from "day spa".
- In four hours.
- It's possible something like that?
Yes, but we will make a
picture if you do not supгraюi.
Let be two.
Maggie.
Hold it in the air and i. .. 1, 2, 3.
Very good. Now, Michael,
put yourself down.
Give me that back.
Splits legs. Now see if
you can take it away. Pretend you that hurts.
A friend took one summer to learn
to swim. How will I learn of and a fast?
I will do just as he did
me and my grandfather.
Do not worry. Grandfather took
8:00. It was a nightmare!
But now we are two
and we are not Beth.
You'll be safe.
Well, you're great.
Do not you?
- Great Deals.
- I want a little more advanced.
I want to оnoюi up to Uncle Eddie.
If you get to it without touching the bottom,
оюi'll give a cookie in the shape of a dolphin.
- That you gave and your grandfather?
- He gave us each a Heineken.
- I got one and that is why.
- No, stay at the Dolphin.
I miss you оюi are less
thrown in the head.
- God, that was sick man.
- Yes, yes, yes. Ready?
Do not think about fear, acюioneazг. Go!
Well done, mate.
It was amazing, dude. Eat junkie dunking pound cake.
But do not stop there.
- Devlin? Devlin?
- Yes?
Danny's birthday is next week
and I do not know what to take.
Do not buy the tie.
It has a hundred and never wear them not.
It's over knew.
She loves audio books
as you listen in the car.
Loves fishing gear.
But to use? I do not know how to remove
on telecommunications and the hook that caught him once.
Only colecюioneazг it.
I like sweets. I love jellies.
His favorites.
But not like vata than the bath
and peanut butter,
So the need to buy and jellies
and to separate these elements
and then put them into a mesh
That's why the little zipper and i. ..
You know so much about him.
Yes... You know the one forever.
Music. Loves music.
But every year after '95,
a waste of resources.
When I finished
My research and work i.
- How many cakes we have left?
- Around 40.
How about 40 meters
for 40 cakes?
You're doing? Or you need
The little rest?
- Let's do it.
- Really? Okay, ready!
- Almost ready.
- What? No.
Ladies and gentlemen, comes the wave.
It becomes serious!
- Are you sure, Michael?
- I dare say.
All right. Whatever it is,
You're a good boy.
If thi is hard, I'm here
if you need anything.
- Go!
- Go, Michael.
- Give the hands and feet.
- Go. You di good, Michael.
God! Lord!
- Come on. One more bit.
- You can do it!
Do not give up.
Very nice! This one is my boy.
- Bravo, mate!
- We did it! Thanks.
It was only your merit, buddy.
It was incredible. Very good!
- What should I see?
- Jesus Christ!
Devlin? Lord. You steal, and at
behind me.
Really? Agiюi you soon?
The so happens at menopause.
Devlin?
Palmer, she is Devlin.
I went to college together.
Enters each other!
- She's your daughter?
- No, no. I am, in fact, loved.
- Whose girlfriend?
- Hello!
I'm Dolph, welcome
and i. .. You're very beautiful.
I am married and very flattered.
Thanks. Where's Danny?
Danny is in water, it learns
the little guy to swim.
- Hello, Doctor.
- Yes, it was a nice standby.
You know what has and has weird? I have never met
anyone with the name of Devlin.
And here you are, your name Devlin, and i. ..
Yes! Fight in water,
and I now benefit.
Try to beat me,
but no chances. Nobody has.
What fun e.
It opened a window
Our program tonight
The so we're wondering if you would like
you take dinner with us.
At 19:00.
- No, no...
- It's like a shark.
- It's an evening inappropriate? Did you quarrel?
- Do we fight? No.
We're fine.
Tonight is perfect.
Perfect.
See you tonight.
Well. Lord!
Let it breathe!
Yes, I...
What? I...
You were under...
- Do not understand, why did you agree?
- Because I knew I will not say no.
Do not leave here. What I said Palmer?
What, sweetie?
Today, when I did wind
Dolph pool was weird, huh?
No, it's a way to search.
That's what people like him.
They played harder and I think it's time
Your iniюierii. You came into play, I think.
Well...
Yes...
For tonight, I thought...
Can we make time for me?
I take the rubber and rгюu
and see you in a second.
Hello, yes... Do not attend tonight.
It's my first night alone with girl...
Оюi ask a single favor.
Come with me only at this dinner,
like to keep my reputation
in front of this woman's horrible.
- And what's gonna tell him Palmer?
- Give me a phone.
Lord...
- Tell me you do not listen to 'N Sync.
- No, he hears the elevator.
Danny is my song.
Is anyone on the phone for you.
- I do not know...
- Okay.
Hello?
- What is it?
- E Palmer.
I want to pick up the phone, so inviюi
in the city, it can go as far
hotel all night.
You want to do that, please?
No, I already eat, I want to exit it.
- Seriously, I need you.
- Do not...
- Lord...
- Get it!
Well.
Talk to him by Dolph.
E Dolph.
What about us two to go
and have dinner, tonight?
Tonight?
Yes, let us know each other better,
for it is important for children
to have a good mismatch
and family unit.
Yes... Wait to talk to Danny.
- Dolph wants to have dinner tonight.
- Do not... Well, tell him yes.
Yeah, right.
Оюi thank you very much.
What will you tell him all night?
Bгlmгje're all kind of nonsense
hours of your language...
Do it, just do it
far from the hotel.
Okay, I'll do, but if they do well,
I can sleep in bed with you?
No, why, you have a wonderful private room.
Seriously, because when
I was in Napa Valley
said that there was a period
good year for Merlot.
What you verite about a Cabernet?
Cabernet does not taste like grapes?
I mean, I like the taste of
grapes, but not too much.
- Have you looked on the menu?
- I took a look, yes...
Have a look?
I graduated without medicine
read a book. Stay calm and very nice, calm...
Bring us the most expensive
a glass of wine that you
and I think that will be enough.
- Perfect.
Look at us, Katherine
the marriage and both have a happy.
Can you believe?
- All I ever wanted, my Yogi...
- Bubu...
- Yogi mine...
Never enough.
I think they took one of
Your yellow bombs.
I just hope that their noses clean.
Wait a minute.
I love your smell.
Nothing smells as good as Devlin.
Devlin mirositoarea.
Always welcome.
Even eat here?
Yes, say those at the hotel
it's amazing. It's good.
I want that machine.
Laying two Оюi give her.
Two chicken?
Very nice of you.
We are just here for dinner.
And the machine is worth about ten thousand chickens.
Do not pour over me.
Do you me the cup.
So Danny, you're a plastic surgeon.
Yes.
- Very convenient for you, Katherine.
- Girl and has not done anything.
It's just a natural beauty.
- Honey...
- Even e.
And I, what did you do that I arrange?
From a professional perspective?
Nothing, and would you get to do anything.
Nothing?
You're too sweet!
I mean, you already would you get out too much fat
the arm, but that there sleeves.
So, where did you meet?
We met at a concert.
Sting. At The Index Card.
The funds gathered
saving the rain forest.
You look for someone on the phone.
I think the guy in "The Omen".
Tell the man I?
Wait a second.
Can I say something before you speak?
Let him see the man who invented
Talking on the iPod iPhone
answering, "Tell the man I"
It was just like seeing it
Ronald McDonald eating a
cheeseburger on the counter.
- Sorry...
- Very true...
For me it was like
I saw a doctor and taking life.
Excuse me, is one of the foundations
my need to talk.
Food and intelligence you Thi, passion...
Beauty, femininity and you need...
We do this as many times
one of us leaves.
We say what we like best
more to each other.
How nice!
You should try and you.
- That's right, you should.
- We will try this later.
Need.
Not everyone can.
I'll do now.
Right now.
Well.
So, without a fanю and I exit it
the streets to sell my business.
And by that I mean my body.
And I mean crenvu through the body and my kid.
Help! Is there a vet on here?
My Sheep Company and their supporters!
Do not breathe! I do not know what is!
He! There's veterinary
but he lives by selling sheep.
Me? Yes! That's what...
That is.
- Please, over here!
- Now?
Yes. Over here!
That's a true sheep.
Well.
Hello...
Yes, my opinion of expert
is that this sheep is dead.
Sorry. To enter.
The show is over!
No. Yet he lives!
Must do something!
Shit...
We look at the eyes and you
Tell what you like about each other.
- We can not just tell us that we love?
- Okay. We are ready.
- Are you ready?
- Give it up. Go ahead.
Come on!
- I love your a sense of humor...
- Yes? Also?
All Parties of dirty.
I like your stories.
Yes. Can you agree,
but trying to finish.
I like that you have read the menus.
I like that you,
secretly
a huge heart,
full of kindness and humility.
- And blood.
- Yes.
I do not know, I think you're a good person
and I like my... I like
to spend time with you.
And with that, it was finally game.
Danny...
Resume the game?
Let me start by saying
I like that most
Thi-teeth that you set.
They were terrible.
You know what I hate?
The way you do everything for others
and tepюi and not anything back.
In fact, they tell you thanks,
hear me or not?
How nice...
And I love...
I think I love...
You're the only person that
minds and no-one in my life. Jur.
I trust you more than the
anyone. You know every secret of mine.
I like your smile.
It's magic.
When the operations room,
I think that more than 20 minutes
to see a smile.
With this smile I start the day.
I won three consecutive years
Miss the most beautiful smile
college, and has not it, Katherine?
Not this monkey...
Well. Go.
Yes. Dance, right?
We want to live and to dance!
Yes! Well, to begin.
Come on!
A little more...
You like!
Well.
One, two, three!
Come...
Hold on!
I know you have...
Yes, and the good.
Well...
One kill!
Come again.
Yes! That's what I did!
Yes!
Well I have found,
are Gerrard Patrick Jr.
We are ready for the legendary
Oceania hula contest.
Legendary?
I've never heard of him.
Legendary as the day you were neba.
She sees, and hers, I from mine...
I think we should participate, Devlin.
Would win.
I'll do.
Katherine. You?
Come on, Katherine has own business
with that, right?
I do not know, it gives...
Some people feel better edge
and no judge of So, baby.
Honesty, courage
and where you tickle.
Your creativity, courage
and hard nipples.
Let's go!
How gain it?
One thing I do with blasphemy.
Do not feel pressured.
I must not feel pressured.
Ladies and gentlemen,
A warm welcome
hula girls for tonight.
These are my stars. You decideюi
how much shine tonight.
You're the jury and juraюi.
I like what I see.
It's my favorite.
I judged.
You will vote for your favorite hula girl.
What would you see here?
I get something from the corner this?
Come on, you did well.
It is over.
What do I get here? Anyone?
How high do you think is this guy?
- Presenter?
- Yes.
I think that is about 190 cm.
I do not know...
I get a positive reaction?
Thank you.
But this little girl?
What ziceюi it?
I like it.
But the Maricica the corner?
Sorry.
It's a contest arranged.
Poor him, is lucky he escaped.
Come to increase the tempo, guys.
What's this?
Well. Want faster?
Fantastic!
Come on!
Nobody was robbed here tonight.
These are two of the most hot
puicuюe that we had on stage.
But I finished.
We need your help
because we need a winner.
Let me hear you.
Wonderful!
It's gonna be hard to beat.
Do we do and hope for the arts.
But here?
That's it!
We...
That's my girl!
We draw!
Wonderful!
Both I won...
How to decide if a tie?
How to decide?
The so decide in case of equality.
Tell him I love Coconut Smoochie.
The goal of the game? Coconut
must reach the mouth
without help of hands.
If you touch coconut
you're disqualified.
Well.
Be ready.
One, two, three.
Start.
Well...
Calm down...
Let me...
You can do it.
Take it up.
- Let nuts to me.
- Now I do.
- E and the bottom.
- Оюi pass nut.
Let me down...
Use yourself from what you can.
Do not you temeюi.
- I can not get up. I can not...
- I'm trying! You shut up!
Stay there.
It's good.
Wait and a.
I'm sorry for this, incidentally.
Оюi really sorry?
No, no, I like it.
Pick it up.
No hands, bufonule!
Come...
What are you doing?
- I see.
- Focus.
Take it slow.
He did it!
It's not fair!
Can not do that!
No, it's a clean lift.
Bring it to me.
I grabbed it.
There's time.
Let's go.
Let's finish.
Wait and a.
What's happening?
- What is it? What do you skate?
- Why are we stopped?
- You're still uses that perfume?
- Want to stop?
Smells good.
All right.
One of the mouth, Bubu?
Thi May not put my ass in front.
I love it!
We have two winners!
We have two winners.
Coconut Smoochie Champion.
Awesome.
You're not any good!
Bubu...
Great teamwork.
How long you are married?
- For ten years.
- For the past eight years.
- Ten years.
- Eight...
- We recently got married...
- We are long time...
- You have seen that face?
- Yes ..
- You understand how happy I did that?
- Yes, I know...
What face you have when juggling mime...
It was the most important moment.
It was wonderful.
And when you spoke of her arms...
The good news is that it beats
sorry for all the guy's iPod.
I know...
It was good.
It was very fun.
I think that was the first time
when I exit it but us.
I know, and I feel guilty about that.
Even I feel.
You exit it with a real man, and when
I say this I mean one which is washed.
I find it adorable how
You're obsessed with this guy.
I can not you imagine me on a date.
Who said that a date?
Ever?
- You!
You become very agitated when
you talking to this guy...
Listen. I and Dr Gervitz
Cabinet moves to New York.
Ryan will not go with him
and asked me
if you want to take his place.
Are you going?
No.
- I can do that.
- I wanted to see how react.
Look at you.
You can not live without me!
Where do I sign, what to do with it...
You played a little with me.
You could tell me.
- I wanted to do a little jealous, right?
- No, I'm just having fun to you.
It was fun.
Why were you jealous?
No, nonsense...
How to be jealous?
Look at you... what's with that smile?
No I did not know that you atвюia teeth.
So, there's nothing between you and i. ..
He has no luck.
- When big sin.
- What?
That we were put in the way that nut
Coconut tonight. It's a shame, huh?
- It's bad...
- You were lucky it was there that nut.
You could not cope.
Maybe you're right.
Do you have something up your sleeve,
that I do not know?
I do not know.
- Okay.
- I do not know, I have to think.
Mommy!
Hey, kids.
What are you doing?
Nanny slept.
Awesome.
No big deal, right?
Lord...
Yes, it's asleep.
Look and you...
He sleeps deeply.
- Nice to see you, kids.
- Good night.
Another day, kids.
- Almost done.
- Okay.
So you must go to bed...
- Yes, are not you tired?
- Yes.
Good night.
Okay, it was fun.
- Good night.
- Good night...
- Okay.
Good luck, we hear the morning.
Do not go to bed...
- Hello. Danny!
- Hello.
- Nice to see you.
- Where were you going?
What? I went...
I went... eraюi where you
I came after you. What happened?
How was dinner?
He made breathing
mouth to mouth of a sheep.
And I drank a few glasses.
Drowning, he and I So I
mouth breathing did the bot...
It was the black sheep of the family,
but it was, and white.
It makes sense that?
And talking about how great it was
this trip and how great is you.
Yes. I'm kidding...
And I said that if children and me
I did not keep busy as much,
maybe you have had time to
do something you wanted to do...
A inelu and...
Yes... I told you that...
I do not need to buy me a ring
Danny. Let's get married.
- Right here.
- What did you say?
Why not? We are in Hawaii.
Let's do it tomorrow.
It was something special from
moment we met.
And I saw how you wear with children
and exact and I imagined the
that my husband would wear.
May be...
I do not want to wait.
I just want to start my life with you.
Hello.
Hello, everyone.
Dolph, there you are.
I searched everywhere.
Me?
Yes.
Come, go, go!
- Do not wait, can not go.
- What?
My Micuюa... Danny and
Palmer get married tomorrow.
What?
I do not know... Why, yes, we do...
But what do you think?
What do you mean, what I think?
What matter what I think?
I think y. .. great.
Thanks, Devlin,
I hope to come tomorrow.
I can not. It's very... bad luck
if one was coming to the wedding.
- Come, Dolph, to go.
- But they are still here.
Let's make love.
Come...
Congratulations.
Hello?
Hello.
You're awake?
Yes, I'm glad you called.
Even you?
Yes, check schedule
flight tomorrow
for your parents and I...
- I know, you should not do that.
Her parents and she would not come
wants to be a little secret.
In hiding?
I understand.
Well. Have you decided which one to wear tomorrow?
You think that's a good idea?
What? Wedding?
Yes, the wedding.
All... Palmer thing.
- That's why I came here, right?
- I think yes.
Do not you think it's crazy?
Danny, you do not need my permission.
You're a big boy.
I know...
Only that if I do that,
situation of us
become strange to the office.
You should not worry about that.
You go to New York?
Yes. As much as I wanted
to my face you're rebuilding,
I feel I must take it from the beginning.
Hello, May you're there?
You understand?
I think so...
Many beliefs have heard
by this phone.
I am divorced, have two children,
I have no time for assumptions.
Have a great day tomorrow, Doctor,
why not a little sleep?
So that's it, no
have anything to worry about.
We have flowers, music and location,
that's great, I'm gonna like it.
I promise that will be the
wonderful day of your life. Guaranteed.
- Devlin!
- Palmer, I do not...
You look... absolutely beautiful.
Thanks.
Devlin, can I ask you something?
Of course.
Still ferent from Danny?
Wait, what?
Why...
Because I believe that he could
are still in love with you.
Really?
Why do you believe that?
And you always shine
when you're around
and laugh at your jokes.
In my not laughing.
Palmer, believe me,
there's nothing between me and Danny.
We just... familiar.
You're right girl for him.
He said that just last night.
Lord Devlin, the big door greeting.
Because he had no chance and
if the standby compete against you.
- I Excuse... Poftiюi.
- Thanks.
Katherine!
- What fun it was last night.
- I know...
Still trying to me
figure out how you cheat at.
I exit it, it happened.
So where's Danny?
Devlin, Danny is at his wedding.
Can you repeюi?
I was never married to him.
It was a big lie,
I invented it.
Why?
I supported the idea
you to know the truth.
Just right?
It and So, yes, I'm a single mother
I have two children who love them
more than anything in the world,
driving a Honda, still
I Internet via modem,
I had an average of 2.7
in college, not 3.4.
And if all confess the whole truth
I called my children "rгhгюel" after you.
And working for Danny.
I'm his assistant. That's it.
Seriously, me and not be
never thought about it.
Between the two of you was a true connection.
It's great.
It's the greatest man.
And I would be able to
be in love with him,
but that does not really matter now,
and because he marry you
with another person.
In this moment.
I'm breaking up in January.
What?
What happened?
- From the beginning, is gay.
- It's gay?
Look at him.
You bite strong chi.
He gathered together.
Devlin, must tell you that last night,
when he grabbed the bottom of coconut,
kindled a small beculeю.
I saw him doing it with soap.
What about the iPod?
- Na invented anything.
- No?
He made money giving the team costs
Dogers after being hit by a ball.
God, why...
Something else.
Yes, I have not tried to
before we tell the truth?
I do not know.
How beautiful it is!
It's nice to tell the truth.
It was nice. The truth is fun, right?
Telling the truth when he says that would
able to be in love with me?
- You coward.
- Okay.
- I'm going to divorce.
- Cheers.
Where are my children?
Palmer led them to an ice cream.
How was the wedding?
I was on the verge of a great rock,
I began to look to the Pacific
and I said
"I would like to start my
life that they love. "
The only problem was that the one
I loved was not with me.
- It was not?
- It was not.
So there you have...
I could not.
You have done it.
There is something wonderful going on between us?
Danny
what will happen when
not to be on vacation
and you wake up and you
realize that this is true.
You're really the only thing
that I had in life.
Danny, what the heck, she's beautiful
and is only 23 years old.
I'm not, and a.
It's good, it's very nice, but is
the only problem. Does not compare to you.
Does not compare to you.
Two children. I can not
throw a rock.
I love those kids more than
anything on this earth, Governor.
I want to stay with them 23 hours a day.
And the other hour?
That's what it is.
I pray...
Everything was arranged well for everyone.
The little swim with the dolphins.
Palmer has seen a player
tennis with her same age,
the plane to fly back home
who is a fan and more
fiery's' N Sync.
And Maggie to attend a
a course of three weeks
with true Dolph Lundgren.
And I?
Finally the port ring true.
And now, when I would ask women
I will say I'm married with
a woman who beat me,
EALA and I'm not in, do not drink,
I ask, do not drink and has a much
and that I will
spend the rest of my life.
A woman named Katherine.
Want to dance with wife
you, Dr. Maccabee?
Yes, I, Mrs Maccabee.
You were right, the guy
mop sticks great on bass.
What I told?
Again!
- I got it. E long.
- I shall move.